Hi welcome back in this video we're looking at installing psycho OPG too in a virtual environment in
Windows what we've got right now and what we did in the last few videos we're not completely useless
.
We managed to install psycho-BS U2 and now we know how to do that in this video we're going to be creating
a virtual M.
And we are going to install psycho OPG to end it.
So what to do is go through the process of creating your project in pie charm create your virtual environment
in the place that you want it.
And then once you've created your project then let's go into this video.
So now I'm assuming that you have your project created with PI chum and you've created your virtual
And as we saw in the very last video once you're ready let's now install psycho puji to in your virtual
environment in Windows.
OK.
So what to do is go into your start bar.
Open up the gate.
BASH which is what we used last time to install c.a.p G-2 and then we're going to be going into the
project that we've created in pyjamas so that in my case that's in my documents project and then into
the data databases.
So here as you can see I've got my project folder which is where my pyjama project is and I've got my
vendor folder which is the virtual environment I've created.
Now if we try to use psycho-BS G-2 at this point it will give us an error because it's not yet installed
and following the instructions for Mac might not work.
We have to follow the windows specific instructions using the installer that we downloaded a couple
of videos ago.
Hopefully you've not deleted that because we still need that.
The first thing to do is we're going to type a command that is going to activate our virtual environment
.
And what that means is that it's going to allow us to install things in the virtual environment as opposed
to in the system pipe and installation.
Right now when we do Python where if we type python in him what that launches is piped in 3.5 that we've
installed in Windows the python that we want to launch is the one that we've put in the virtual environment
.
So the way we tell this console that we want to interact with a virtual environment Python is by typing
source and then space and then virtual environment.
The Venture management folder scripts activate so source and then space then slashed scripts slash activates
.
And now we get this bracket.
Then at the start of every line essentially and now what we're going to do is very simply exactly the
same command as we installed psycho PGE 2 in the system Windows last time.
So it's going to be Python bash em easy underscore install and then we're going to install the downloaded
package which is an easy package which is in Tildy slash downloads.
And then here it is psycho PGE psycho Peachi to Dasch 2.6 point one dot Win32 dash PI 3.5 Daut.
Yikes.
So this is the package we downloaded.
It is possible that by the time you have downloaded this package that these numbers may be slightly
different it could be two point six point one potentially PI 3.6.
Don't worry about that just follow exactly the same thing that I'm doing but with your numbers as opposed
to mine running this program is going to allow us to run the easy install program on the python installation
that we're running in our van and it's going to take in this as an argument which is going to install
that exe package in this python.
So let's press enter and that is going to just install and it outputs a lot of stuff.
But eventually it should say installed Cyclopedia to blah blah blah dot org and dot org folders.
Sorry I got a big archive is just a Python package used for installation.
Once that's done then you are now ready to continue your cycle OPG 2 module is now usable from within
this virtual environment.
And because we installed it previously in the system Python It is also usable across your system even
if you are not in a virtual environment.
Just remember whenever you create a virtual environment you're going to have to do this again but that's
it.
We've installed it on Windows and now we're ready to start developing our app.
So thanks for bearing with me during this.
I know quite a long set of video setting things up but now we are ready.
And trust me I just saved you a bunch of hours because that's where it took me to find out how to do
all this stuff in Windows.
I don't tend to use Windows very often so there we go.
Not installed.
We are ready and it only took us a few minutes so I'll see you on the next video.